change scan to colored captured image for document upload (#592)
Dwolla/dev-portal: pages/docs/balance/api-reference/documents/create-document-for-customer.mdx

  step: 1
meta:
  title: "Create Document | Dwolla API Documentation"

>   description: Create a document for a Customer pending verification by uploading a color  or photo of government issued identification.

Author: ```suggestion
  description: Create a document for a Customer pending verification by uploading a colored camera captured image of a government issued identification.
```
